this is the reality for hundreds of
thousands of women in Gaza forced from
their homes into temporary shelters or
camps living in crowded conditions in
thin canvas tents strangers packed
together in closed quarters no toilets
and no running
water and just as almost everything is
in short supply in Gaza after more than
9 weeks of War women can't find Sanitary
products during their Minal
cycle there are no sanitary towels
available anymore so we used nappies as
an alternative when we could find them
we also use tissues but now it's
extremely difficult because even these
options aren't available it is very
difficult but that's not the only
difficulty they face painkillers to ease
their cramps aren't available and
something a simp as a hot drink is hard
to come
by even hot drinks that help to ease the
pain or give some relief are not
available it takes 2 hours to make a
fire and boil some water we can't get
calming herbs or even lentil soup in
this cold weather a doctor in one of
Rafa's hospitals tells us many women and
girls have been using medication to
delay their periods month after month
but she says this has long-term
complications we've noticed a
significant increase in urinary tract
infections and recurrent infections and
vaginal secretions among women we're
forced to give them several cses of
antibiotics but these recurrent
infections affect women and cause pelvic
infections and sepsis in addition to
resistance to
antibiotics women in Gaza say that the
lack of menstrual supplies and clean
water is is adding to their Stress and
Anxiety others say they feel embarrassed
because they have no privacy in the
unsanitary overcrowded shelters already
terrified and displaced from their homes
Palestinian women say that the lack of
hygiene products is further eroding the
little dignity they have left un Sayed
Al jazer Rafa in the southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer